More delays with American airlines. Claimed a maintenance issue while all that showed up was an Air Chief truck. Last three flights delayed. American needs to just turn in the towel and go out of business…
My first experience with AA and it was horrible! There was a mechanical delay due to a/c malfunction. Instead of putting us on another flight or a different airline, they made us wait for hours. AA made us wait so long, then it started to rain and thunderstorm. So once the mechanical delay was resolved then they said it’s another delay due to weather. The long delays caused us to miss our connecting flight to San Antonio and there was no connecting flights left to San Antonio so we had to get a hotel in Dallas with no luggage! AA did not pay for my hotel because they said it was a weather delay but I explained to the supervisor that the initial delay was due to a mechanical issue not weather. It was the mechanical issue that initially caused the delay. AA was not sympathetic to my situation nor was they supportive. It was pretty much like oh well. I was traveling with my 8 year old son and a 62 year old. This was very devastating and my son was cold and scared. Worst experience ever!
Avoid at all costs !!! They changed the gate and made me miss my first flight second flight has been delayed twice and counter has no information on the plane or the flight for the next hour somehow they lost the plan !!! Complete incompetence for an airline service and Wi-Fi is bad because I was extremely bad and people are extremely rude and unhelpful... if taking a trip out of the US avoid American Airlines at all costs it is much better service with another airline no matter what the cost difference...
Flew from Tulsa to Dallas and was supposed to get on a flight at 2:45pm to fly to Rome. The flight from Tulsa to Dallas was delayed multiple times which made us completely miss our flight to Rome. After waiting 4.5 hours in the airport for the next flight it was delayed 4 times due to maintenance issues. We have missed a whole day of vacation because of the lack of proper maintenance, which can be controlled. Will NOT be flying American Airlines AGAIN!!!
We flew from Philadelphia to Chicago on July 23, 2023. Everything was flawless. Boarding was excellent. The onboard service was top notch. The flight was smooth. Retrieving baggage quick and easy. The return flight 588 was just as good. We have never had any major problems with American and will continue to fly with them.
I've flown with AA for 40 years. A good friend of mine was a first-class, international flight attendant - and I always enjoyed American - even Eagle. But we're regressing when it comes to air travel. I understand that the crew has a rough go of it and things are weird these days, but I thought - perhaps naively - that my $XXXX ticket would relieve me from hearing how bad your day is going or being on the receiving end of your hostility toward your job. Maybe I'm old school, but you signed up for it and do it, so please leave me and the other passengers out of it. Or at least complain out of earshot. The poor Chinese kid next to me got the worst of it. Snide, smarmy comments the whole time. i felt bad for him. The pilot was amazing, start to finish, but the cabin crew, dang, keep it together, please.
I have written twice to AA with no acceptable results. We paid over $3800 for 2 business R/T LAX-JFK. On the JFK-LAX flight there was no electricity in our cabin. That meant no entertainment and the seats were locked in the UPRIGHT POSITION. We paid a lot of money for entertainment and the comfort of lie flat seats. American's first response was "sorry'" I believe we deserve a financial compensation or miles in our account.