British airways check in and bag drop was no problem and we sailed through security.
Lounge was a bit of an issue as it is not easy to find at LGW and is quite a walk. Additionally, they did not open until bang on 05:00 and there was quite a queue to get in. Once in the food and beverage were good and the seating area comfortable.
Boarding was smooth and the A320 was clean and relatively new. The flight was comfortable, faultless and arrived 30 minutes early.
Shocker of an experience, late departure, seat very uncomfortable, unable to sleep or rest properly on the leg to Singapore, 787 totally unsuitable for a flight of this length, unable to stretch due to metal box under seat in front, food and service ok. Late departure from Singapore however arrived on time, brutal flight.
British Airways: non functioning website, helpline staffed with unhelpful people, telephone contact impossible.
By joining Ryanair and Easyjet, BA has now sunk to its lowest depths. The website is erratic - it does not allow one to check in within the 24 hour period allowed. The telephone staff rather than helping, erased my personal profile information when I checked later. Trying to type it in again, the webform would not allow me too. Calling the helpline again, a message tells me no calls can be taken as they are too busy.
Absolutely terrible.
Pathetic, Shameful British Airways
We have travelled long haul twice this year, paid for World Traveller Plus (premium economy) at an extortionate price, and the service has been woeful. Many toilets out of commiossion on one flight, food choices not available on all flights, the stock of drinks inadequate on all flights to provide the paid for "complimentary bar service", running out of many popular drinks half way through the flights. The airline's customer service team have openly acknowledged in their responses to my complaint, “we understand why you needed to complain”, “we know this isn’t what you expect when you travel with us”, “we know this experience didn’t meet our usual standards”. But when requesting recompense, merely offered e-vouchers for future flights which are of absolute no use, as our travel plans are mapped out for the next 12 months. One of the e-vouchers had also actually expired.........When requesting monetary recompense (our form of actual payment), BA point blank refused, they also denied that we had paid for World Traveller Plus, so why were we seated there and allowed in advance to pay a further premium to select our seats? I have e-mailed a complaint direct to the CEO - nil response, and to their customer affairs office - nil response. BA do not care about their customers, and it sadly feels like post Covid, they have a monopoly if customers want to travel to the Caribbean, so can get away with providing a shoddy service. If you can, use another service provider.
Outstanding flight exceptional staff so happy and helpful . Also as usual such a good flight we was slightly late going but they made up time . Service on board was lovely food was so good especially on the returning flight for some reason it was nicer then our flight from London . Overall BA has never been disappointing we up graded to club Europe was well worth it .
Just returned to Edinburgh from Palma on the 10 Sept on BA4514 and would like to thank Christopher the cabin manager for a truly first class service, both my wife and I are quite nervous flyers but his fantastic sense of humour and friendliness throughout the flight put us at ease and he could not have been more helpful. What an asset he is to B.A. Cityflyer and we hope that he gets the recognition that he deserves.
Highly recommended airline, comfortable seating, lots of legroom and fantastic staff