Fares are too High/ Not worth while
I am a frequent flyer of Emirates. I find that the prices are always fluctuating, I just cannot understand why, to exorbitant fares which I do not believe is worth while. In addition, the miles that I accumulate take forever to build up and theres always some catch to pay extra money. Really I used to recommend emirates to my friends and relatives but now I'm doing quite the opposite due to the fares which I do not believe is worth the flight.
Amazing Flight with Emirates
The amazing vacation began at the airport in Munich. A german Emirates employee at the counter of Emirates was extremely helpful, kind and more than friendly and she gave us an upgrade on business class with all the benefits. She took extremely good care of us. Even she accompanied us to the plane to make sure, everything wents fine!
Unfortunately I don‘t know her name but she did a flawless job. Thank you very much! Best experience we had!
At the plane then we were warmly welcomed to our seats at business class and every wish was fulfilled. The whole team of cabin supervisor Mrs. Silviy Biswag did a top job and Mrs. Biswag was extremely friendly, helpful, nice and offered us support for any concerns! We were very grateful for that! world class!
Hopefully we will see the crew again! Much appreciated!
Ripped off
Very disappointing: I paid extra to get windown seats, but upon checkin was given one on the isle. I'm now facing almost 20 hours without a window I paid extra for.
My first flight with this airline. Hope it's my last.
Ok
I flew this February to Taipei and again in September and the flight journey was ok, not very good and also it was hard to sleep especially when it is from Newcastle to Dubai then from Dubai to Taipei and also the in flight entertainment was not very good, not many anime movie's…
Ok but nothing special
Flew on EK12 and EK9. Upper deck A380 there but due to a change of aircraft lower deck home. Both flights were pretty unremarkable. Journey was comfortable enough and IFE was pretty good. One meal and one snack were served during both flights. Wine offered with meal and drinks served with snack (no offer of alcohol with snack on return flight). On the return journey, juices were brought on trays but on neither flight was another drinks service offered. Pretty poor for 7 and 8 hours flights. To be honest I expected more from Emirates. I would probably choose a different airline next time.