Dreadful service from money grabbing airline
I booked a flight to go to the UK in October. My plans were cancelled so I decided to transfer my flight to my husband who was flying to Scotland in September. I clicked to change my flight and was told there would be a €45 admin charge. The original flight cost €110 so I accepted this cost and changed the flight. In the confirmation document … it still had my name so I went back into the Ryanair App to change the flight into my husband’s name. This was going to cost me €115 to change my first name to his first name … a total of 8 letters!! This works out at over €14 a letter … A LETTER. I contacted customer service who stonewalled me with policy, policy, policy … and cut me off. I now have a flight that is going to Scotland (with baggage and extra legroom) that so far has cost me €155 that is useless unless I pay another €115 … making the €110 flight €270 (and I can get two flights for less than this). Just a disgusting money grabbing airline which I wouldn’t recommend with my dying breath!! Pahhh
Typical Ryanair Customer Experience
I had 4 seats booked on a flight today at 1pm. (For me, my wife and 2 kids, 2 and 5 years) Ryanair canceled that flight and put us on a 4:20am flight and told us about it yesterday.
We arrived in the airport in plenty of time, checked in our bags and checked the screen for what gate to go to. The screen only said where to check in. We figured it would update with the gate when the gate opened. We waited a while and it didn't update so we went on through security which took a while coz they searched me and examined the kids water bottles.
By the time we got to the gate it was 6:10 and we were told that the flight was already in the air. It wasn't due to go for another ten mins so argued with the staff. They said we should have come to the gate as soon as we checked in. I said the screen didn't tell us what gate to go to.
Had to rebook flights for which Ryanair charged €400. 100 each.
I accept partial responsibility for not getting to the gate half an hour early. But I wouldn't have even had to be in the airport looking for the gate at 4am if Ryanair hadn't cancelled the flight we had originally booked. And they threw our bags of the plane to leave early without us.
Ripped off, delays, cold and rude staff
The flight was delayed, no explanation given, we were allowed to partially board and then we were kept at the corridors standing up with the fans blowing in our heads. Fk you too Ryanair.
Overcharge on Exchange Rates
Even if you pay using a Credit Card with perfect exchange rates Ryanair will overcharge you by using their own inferior exchange rates and it is difficult to see them doing this when you think you are authorising a payment in Euros. Also it is virtually impossible to complain about this afterwards as their customer services portal does not have the required form for you to fill in covering this.