don't fly with United
Simply don't fly with this airline, we got delayed for 18 hours (who knows if even more), no help, no hotels, no vouchers, no kind of answer or anything from anyone, no one at the front desk even to have a conversation with. Disgraceful.
United first class Polaris
Flight attendant Jennifer in first class does not make you feel like the first class experience at all. Terrible attitude. Scared to ask for anything. Scared to use the restroom on the 8 hour flight because she was sitting next to it in the jump seat half the time. Really mean
I hope to never fly them again.
United is the worst airline. They ruined my vacation which I now don’t get to take. They blamed the FAA but our pilots, gate agents, etc all told us it was truly United’s fault. They couldn’t find a fourth flight attendant for our flight which is pathetic as we were at their main hub. They don’t treat their employees well and they don’t treat their customers well. I would avoid at all costs. I wish I could give them zero stars.
Business Class flight made our vacation end memorable
We got business class flights from Toronto to POS through Houston that was cheaper than economy tickets for the same route on other airlines. This allowed us 2 checked in bags at 70lbs each and hassle free check in at the counter in Toronto Pearson. I think there was a strike action as the normal check in line was very long so this was already welcome.
The flight was on time and in flight experience was very professional. Our lounge experience at Houston was good fun. The Houston to POS leg of the flight was exciting and it was my son and wife's first experience in business class.
The best? The good in flight service, the wine was shared without hesitation and the quality of the food was excellent.
Love United Polaris
United has hit a home run with their Polaris product, and the lodge at EWR is the real deal! Best airport lounge I have encountered, and I've been in quite a few! Eat dinner at the restaurant before boarding and get right to sleep in the comfortable bed onboard.